To make this easy Jalebi recipe, mix together all-purpose flour, cornflour and baking soda in a bowl. Now, add ghee and food colour to the above mixture and give a mix. To make a thick batter add hung curd and water. Mix well until it is thick but has a slightly flowing consistency. Keep it aside for 8-10 hours to ferment. This step is important to give that unique "khatta" taste to Jalebi. To make the sugar syrup, heat water in a pan over medium flame. Add sugar and mix until fully dissolved. Simmer the syrup until it attains one string consistency. Add saffron, cardamom powder and rose essence. Stir well to prepare the final sugar syrup. This will be used to soak the jalebis and give them their signature sweetness.
Now, heat oil in a pan over medium flame for deep frying. Fill the jalebi batter in a muslin cloth and pierce a small hole in the cloth. You can even use a squeezy bottle (ketchup bottles with a small nozzle on top) to make jalebis. Now just squeeze the muslin cloth to make concentric circles. Move from inside to outside to make perfect circles. Fry till jalebis from both the sides until they are crispy in texture and golden in colour.
Soak the jalebis in sugar syrup for 3-4 minutes in warm sugar syrup. Ensure that the sugar syrup is warm and not very hot, as this will make the jalebis limp. Don't soak the jalebis for too long if you wish to retain their crispiness. Now, remove the jalebis from the syrup and place it on a tray lined with butter paper or foil. Decorate with silver foil (optional) and serve the jalebis hot, warm or at room temperature with creamy Rabri. Note: To make the jalebi even more delicious, add a little bit of ghee to the batter, this will give your jalebi that perfect aroma. To the crispy Jalebi, don't forget to ferment the batter overnight.